Demo multiple drm stream not working on some device. (#254)
SRGSSR/pillarbox-android: pillarbox-player/docs/README.md

- [Getting started](#getting-started)
- [Tracking](./MediaItemTracking.md)

## Known issues

> - Playing DRM content on two instance of `PillarboxPlayer` is not supported on all devices.
>   - Current known devices: Samsung Galaxy A13

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Playing DRM content on two instances of `PillarboxPlayer` is not supported on all devices.
  - Currently known device: Samsung Galaxy A13
```
